[DOCU-978] Add Hybrid Mode note for Vitals (#3671)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.1.x/vitals/vitals-influx-strategy.md

vitals_tsdb_address = 127.0.0.1:8086 # the IP or hostname, and port, of InfluxDB
```

{:.note}

> > **Note**: In Hybrid Mode, configure [`vitals_strategy`](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/reference/configuration/#vitals_strategy) 
> and [`vitals_tsdb_address`](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/reference/configuration/#vitals_tsdb_address) 
> on both the control plane and all data planes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: In Hybrid Mode, configure [`vitals_strategy`](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/property-reference/#vitals_strategy) 
and [`vitals_tsdb_address`](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/property-reference/#vitals_tsdb_address) 
on both the control plane and all data planes.
```
